Esmar:

Esmar - Boondaburra Diplomat
Skilled Negotiator - 
Brilliant, confident, verbose, and definitely sneaky, Esmar is one of the most skilled diplomats from the Island Nation of Boondaburra. 
It’s no accident that she was sent to Jebel Irhoud, the largest and most prosperous trading hub in the world, and also a place famed for its complicated and sometimes deadly politics. 
Don’t let her small stature and adorably fussy appearance deceive you; Boondaburra are masters of using poisons and medicines in creative ways. 
Even so, she is rarely seen without her two large bodyguards, Ishu and Goru.

Ishu & Goru - Boondaburra Bodyguards
Muscleheads - Ishu and Goru are twins that may look intimidating, but at heart they are musicians - hence the drums on the ends of their clubs. 
Still, neither of them could be considered intellectual. Vigorous thumping is the extent of their artistic expression... 
Esmar, however, values them for their loyalty and unswerving bravery. 
Some say they're too stupid to be afraid or to double cross anyone, but Esmar nonetheless has a fondness and trust for the twins, and has employed them for many years.

---

Glima:

Glima - Boondaburra Chemist 
Greedy Chemist - Glima is a traveling Chemist who sells potions, decoctions, and antidotes. 
Of course, she also has quite a lot of knowledge of poisons, venoms, and other dangerous drugs, and can be persuaded to produce them if the price is right. 
Greedy but meticulous, she is skilled at synthesizing all kinds of potions, and travels frequently to sell her wares and gather rare ingredients. 
Few would get on her bad side; her network of connections is formidable and includes all types, from healers to assassins. 
She never leaves home without her poofy corgi, Waleeta.

Giant Wombat and Cart
Giant Wombats are the pack animal of choice in Boondaburra. Muscular and hardy, they can travel long distances and forage easily in the arid conditions of the Boondaburra wilderness. 
However, their propensity to arrange their cubic poop to mark their territory can sometimes be inconvenient. 
Glima’s wombat is carrying her wares along with her alcohol still which she uses for potions (and some tastier concoctions).

---

Platypotamus:

Duck-Billed Platypotamus
Weighing roughly 1500KG the Duck-Billed Platypotamus, native to the rivers and lakes of Boondaburra, is one of the most dangerous creatures in the world. 
Despite its cute and placid-seeming exterior, it is incredibly territorial. Platypotamus attacks are swift and often deadly, their short legs belying their great speed. 
Besides the danger of trampling, they also have large, blunt teeth and strong jaws capable of crushing the large melons they are fond of eating. 
At home both in the water and out, one should always be wary of Platypotamuses when near any body of water.

---

Temur:

Temur - Ariché Shaman
Temur is an elderly Shaman of the Ariché. 
Having always been wise beyond his years, his companion bird is a little owl. 
The large scar on his nose speaks to a story that is yet untold...

---

Arkhan:

Arkhan - Ariché Berserker
The Berserkers of the Ariché are famed for their usage of unusually large flint weapons. 
It seems inconceivable that such a weapon can even be wielded effectively, but there are few who care to test their efficacy.

---

Unegen:

Unegen - Ariché Tracker with Qulan the eagle
Slow and Steady - Unegen is a crafty old tracker who always finds his prey. 
With the help of his sharp-eyed eagle (Qulan), he doesn't miss much that goes on in the steppe. 
His specialty is tracking the fearsome Burilgi that terrorize the plains!

---

Toqto:

Toqto’a - Ariché Archer with Targhi the hoopoe
Arrogant Archer - The people of the steppe train with bow and arrow from a very young age, so most of the Ariche have some skill with a bow. 
So it’s saying something that Toqto’a is a bow specialist! Far from being humble, he’d be the first to tell you tall tales about his prowess; how he shot a flag at 500 bow lengths, or how he can knock a bird from the sky and hit it again on the way down. 
While it can be hard to tell the truth from the exaggerations, it is well known that he is the best archer in his village. His little companion bird, Targhi, provides excellent feathers for fletching, though she has gotten quite fat and spoiled for a Hoopoe. 

---

Burilgi:

Burilgi
The Burilgi of the Kutugha Steppe are fearsome beasts that are only hunted by the most elite hunters and trackers. 
They are one of the few predators that threaten the Ariché, due to their large size and strength. 
Their impressive central horn is prized for its magical properties, and is especially coveted by the Xueren (Yetis), who use it for crafting magical objects.

---

Checheygen:

Checheygen - Totapari Skirmisher
Her spear and knife combination are difficult to deal with. 
Possessing high mobility, Checheygen loves to toy with her foes and frustrate them with playfulness. 

---

Hattori:

Hattori - Hanzaki Ninja (swordsman)
An adorable little swordsman! 
His earnestness is what makes him most endearing.

---

Hatsuharu:

Hatsuharu - Hanzaki Ninja (sai)
A sneaky little fellow, his barbels make him extra sensitive to his surroundings.

---

Hanabi:

Hanabi - Hanzaki Firebreather
Fiery Hanabi should not be trusted around anything flammable. 
While all Hanzaki are capable of fire breath, Hanabi (as her name implies) is much more prone to setting things alight than her compatriots.

---

Hanako:

Hanako - Hanzaki Ninja (Shuriken)
Mischievous Ninja - Hanako is particularly fun-loving and carefree, even for a Hanzaki. 
She is fairly young for one of her kind, being only a few decades old, and thus has more energy than most. 
Mischievous and a bit of a prankster, Hanako makes a wily opponent and an endearingly silly (if not annoying) ally.

---

Hakuren:

Hakuren & Hachiko - Hanzaki Cavalry and mount
Quixotic Cavalry - Hakuren's heart is always in the right place, even if he is not. 
While not the most proficient rider in his unit, he makes up for this with vigor, enthusiasm, and reckless courage. 
When that doesn't work, his faithful steed Hachiko is there to watch his back, though she is simple-minded and easily distracted by food...  

---

Hanarin:

Hanarin - Hanzaki Ninja (Fan)
Measured Combatant - Hanarin is the serious type, although she does have a bit of a dramatic flair! 
Hanzaki Ninjas are not usually known for their discipline, but Hanarin specifically seeks to buck that trend. 
Wanting to distance herself from the silly reputation of most Hanzaki, she tries her best to present herself as dignified and austere. 
Nonetheless, she has a love for style, beauty, and theatrics, and is susceptible to flattery.   

---

Hadzuki:

Hadzuki - Hanzaki Swordsman (Jian)
Cynical Swordsman - Hadzuki is a gruff, weathered old Hanzaki who has been around the block.
His suspicious nature makes him very difficult to fool, and he notices many details that others might miss. 
As such, it can be very hard to trick him! 
"Do you have the patience to wait until the mud settles and the water is clear??”
-Hadzuki

---

Haruka:

Haruka - Hanzaki Ninja (Chakram) 
Competitive Ninja - Haruka has always been very competitive, so of course she wanted to master a difficult weapon like the Chakram. 
Hardworking and dedicated, she wears an outfit and leg warmers reminiscent of a certain "Genius of Hard Work". 

---

Haneboshi:

Haneboshi - Hanzaki Gunner
Silver Needle - Haneboshi is a stalwart infantrywoman with a long rifle. 
Her specialty is sharp shooting, so her favorite position is at a distance and behind a shield. 
She earned the nickname "Silver Needle" after shooting out the right eye of an armored enemy General, through the raging chaos of a battle.

---

Hanamaru:

Hanamaru - Hanzaki Ninja (Bo)
Gentle Ninja - Hanamaru is a very nurturing and encouraging Hanzaki. 
Because of her gentle nature, she prefers knocking out or incapacitating her enemies rather than killing them, hence the use of a Bo over an edged weapon. 
A little more thoughtful than most of her brethren, she sometimes gets teased for being a softie. 
Still, she's no pushover; Hanamaru relies more on strategy and shifts of weight and balance where most Hanzaki rely on raw enthusiasm!

---

Haneda:

Haneda - Hanzaki Ninja (Nunchaku) 
Bad to the Bone - Haneda is a bad boy Hanzaki who doesn’t play by the rules! 
Truthfully, very few Hanzaki play by any rules, but Haneda fancies himself especially rebellious. 
Naturally skilled, he frequently skips training but makes up for it with his lightning fast reflexes. 

---

Hatoko:

Hatoko - Hanzaki Shrine Maiden 
Shy Maiden - Hatoko is the shy shrine maiden in charge of the Osanshuou Shrine. 
Although she is capable of performing the various rites of purification, preparation, and dedication, her job mostly consists of cleaning - including cleaning up after her boss, Chogen. 
Though, his messes are both physical and metaphorical and sometimes exceed Hatoko’s skillset. 
It’s obvious to everyone that Chogen has Hatoko wrapped around his finger, but no one is sure whether it’s love or leverage that compels her.

---

Hajime:

Hajime - Hanzaki Shinobi (Bust)
Grizzled Veteran - Hajime has never been well-liked by the ruling Ryujin, and thus has always been put in the front lines of every battle, given the most dangerous missions, and generally thrown to the wolves. 
Against all odds, he has continued to survive, much to the annoyance of the Ryujin. Hajime is a skilled shinobi, but his continued survival is chalked up mostly to his extreme tenacity and stubbornness, rather than a virtuoso talent. 

---

Hagetaka:

Hagetaka - Spectral Hanzaki
Legends say that on a misty night where the Mikata Swamplands meets the sea, Hagetaka will appear. 
A ghostly Hanzaki pirate who rides atop a giant Onibi, Hagetaka haunts the shoreline seeking out the glitter of gold and jewels. 
His mount, the Grand Hikiga Mask Onibi, draws in nearby spirits who, in turn, can possess any mortals unfortunate enough to encounter them. 
Some say that they can even possess the dead, raising skeletons and corpses from their watery graves. 
Spirit-bound Onibi and Tsukumogami are also not immune to the call, and can sometimes be wrestled away from their keepers. 
As Hagetaka despises living flesh, the only choices are to join the ghoulish host, or die at the point of his harpoon. 

---

Norinaga:

Norinaga - Ryujin, Belonging to the Tama Sect of Eight Heavenly Waters
Norinaga is the public face of the Tama Sect, but is backed by a shadowy power. 
Norinaga is technically under the tutelage of the true Head of the Tama Sect, an ancient Ryujin who has not been seen by anyone but Norinaga and a special cadre of servants and guards. 
Even as a subordinate, he has immense power both politically and magically. 

---

Izanami:

Izanami - Spirit-Bound Ryujin
Millennia ago, a Ryujin named Izanami was mortally wounded. 
Wild with pain and yet refusing to accept death, she ordered all her court mages and physicians to save her or be wiped out. 
None were able to, and the court grew frantic to save her. 
Finally a spirit binder was persuaded to chain her spirit to her flesh, a forbidden practice that no reputable binder would ever perform. 
For many years, Izanami was able to live on normally, but the wounds she sustained never healed and her body continued to deteriorate. 
Worse, her mind seemed to be deteriorating along with her body. The spirit binder was called back to try and fix the situation, but nothing could be done. 
Enraged, Izanami ordered the binder gruesomely executed. Her court, fearful of her deranged state, fled the palace as she descended into insanity. 
Now jealously guarding the wasteland territory she used to reign over, Izanami is considered a dangerous embarrassment to the dignity of all Ryujin. 
However, all their efforts to erase her have failed; she still retains all her power and intelligence, but is so demented that not even the cunning schemes of her peers can predict her behaviour. 

---

Hikimoto:

Hikimoto - Hikiga Bruiser
This beefy toad samurai is ready to do some serious battle! One of the seven elite Hikiga warriors.

---

Hikiyori:

Hikiyori - Hikiga Swordsman
Vain Swordsman - Hikiyori is one of seven elite Hikiga warriors, and is the most skilled with a sword. 
His legendary sword, Sakuramaru Amakuni, can be easily recognized by the finely etched cherry blossom design on the blade. 
Hikiyori is considered quite vain amongst the seven elites, taking especial care of his luxuriant hair and flashy blade, and can't stand for his looks to be disparaged. 

---

Hikihiru:

Hikihiru - Hikiga Artillery
Mad Scientist - Hikihiru is a mad-cap artillerist who loves experimenting, explosions, and BBQ. 
Her penchant for explosions can have unexpected consequences, and she’s nearly as likely to blow herself up as to do massive destruction to her enemies. 
Undeterred, her experiments have only become more wild. Her signature weapon is the Carp Cannon, a piece of heavy artillery with some surprising effects. 
One of the seven elite Hikiga warriors.
“I’m not sure what it’ll do, but I’m pretty sure it’ll be loud!”
-Hikihiru


---

Hikiyama:

Hikiyama - Hikiga Gunner (Pistoleer)
Dragon Fire - Hikiyama is a gunner with two hand-cannons. 
Nicknamed “Dragon Fire”, for the unique designs of her pistols, she uses her superior agility to get close (but not too close) to her targets.
With a shorter range but more devastating damage, she’s a perfect complement to her partner, Haneboshi, who uses a long rifle. 
One of the seven elite Hikiga warriors.

---

Yamanabi:

Yamanabi - Hikiga Sage
The Hikiga sages have learned to access the Barrow Realm, Apsu, and are able to manifest a number of magical spells from that realm. 
Yamanabi specialises in water and poison effects. The Hikiga Sages access their Barrow Realm through deprivation; fasting and constant meditation leaves their bodies withered. 
As such, they require help to move anywhere.
Yamanabi uses an enchanted cloud and the aid of his monkey assistant to get around.

---

Kamenosuke:

Kamenosuke & Satoru - Hikiga Sage and Tortoise Mount
Sedate Sage - Kamenosuke is a wandering sage that rides his tortoise, Satoru. 
They don’t travel very fast, but as Kamenosuke says, it’s all about the journey. 
Enigmatic and scholarly, his powers as a sage are quite unique. 
He uses a magic scroll to cast various spells.
“A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.”
-Kamenosuke

---

Chogen:

Chogen - Hikiga Priest
Politic Priest - Chogen is the Head Priest of the Osanshouo Shrine, the keeper of a sacred relic from the god of the same name. 
The sacred relic, a bone fragment from Osanshouo’s finger, is worshipped and venerated as it is one of the great gods of the Mikata Wetlands that lends its power to the Hikiga Sages and Ryujin. 
Chogen himself has gotten quite comfortable as the Head Priest, and is known to be a bit overindulgent with his position. 
Outwardly friendly and pacifist, Chogen is secretly cutthroat, and rose to the top through intense political scheming. Despite his political acumen, he can occasionally be quite bumbling. 
He often hires “freelancers” to fix his mistakes outside of the priesthood’s knowledge, and frames his own subordinates.

---

Sarashino:

Sarashino - Hikiga Spirit Binder
The spirit binders of the Hikiga are skilled at attaching the life force of Onibi to objects so that they can be controlled. 
Often Onibi are bound using a mask, but Sarashino uses a technique that infuses other objects with the spirits, creating a Tsukumogami; an object that has come to life. 
These objects have now become her assistants in creating her various potions and elixirs. 
Onibi are naturally mischievous and difficult to control, but Sarashino doesn’t seem to mind the chaos. 
She uses a bell to control her Tsukumogami minions, to varying degrees of success.

---

Sentry:

Bell Sentry Tsukumogami
These sentries are used by the Hikiga as patrols and sentries. 
Though capable of attacking with their hammers, they usually use them to hit each other’s bells in order to sound an alarm. 
Still, anyone trying to sneak into Hikiga Territory without their leave would be best to avoid a confrontation with them, as the hammers are still dangerous - especially in groups. 

---

Koi:

Koi Mask Onibi
This particular onibi has been bound with the mask of a stylized Koi fish, albeit a bit more derpy-looking.
“Moonlight. Clear water. Reflecting the starry night. A free onibi.”
-Dogen, Discourses on Onibi Nature

---

Numanoan:

Numa no An - Frog Monster
The Hermit of the Swamp - Myths speak of the Hermit of the Swamp, a huge, ancient Hikiga who has been living away from civilization for untold centuries. 
In truth, Numa no An share a common ancestor with Hikiga, but are simple animals who live in the more wild and secluded regions of the Mikata Wetlands. 
They have a powerful leap which can allow them to cover long distances with ease, and a huge mouth that can swallow a Hanzaki whole. 
Keeping one’s distance is not always a surefire way to stay clear of them; their long, sticky tongues and fast reflexes have been the demise of many unwary travelers. 
They can often be found lurking in the water among the reeds and grasses, and are difficult to spot.

---

Izdara:

Izdara and Ma’irah - Mazigh Raider and Sanjalia Mount
Hardened Vagabond - Izdara is a raider, part of one of the many gangs of bandits that plague the desert surrounding the rich and bustling merchant city of Jebel Irhoud. 
Once described as “walking beef jerky”, Izdara is about as tough and dry as they come. 
Although she’s mostly humorless and taciturn, she has a soft spot for her Sanjalia, Ma’irah. 
Sanjalia are desert creatures somewhere between a squirrel and a lizard. 
The Mazigh bond with animals to survive in the harsh desert, and this, combined with their toughness, makes them good mercenaries and enforcers for the various merchant guilds that rule Jebel Irhoud.

---

Jannah:

Jannah & Zohaier - Mazigh Trackers
Jannah and Zohaier are a pair of Mazigh trackers who are joined at the hip. 
Like all Mazigh, they each have an animal companion that they are bound to. 
Jannah's desert fox, Mahir, has keen hearing and is adept at locating and digging up prey underground, while Zohaier's desert cat, Fatin, is a silent hunter with stalking prowess. 
While Jannah and Zohaier's relationship is ambiguous, it's known that they are never apart and always come as a set, whether on hunting expeditions or mercenary assignments. 
Both a bit vain, they take especial care of their looks and can always be found wearing some of the latest fashions from Jebel Irhoud. 
Nonetheless, they are excellent trackers with good instincts, and are known to be among the best in the Taforalt Desert.

---

Zohaier:

Jannah & Zohaier - Mazigh Trackers
Jannah and Zohaier are a pair of Mazigh trackers who are joined at the hip. 
Like all Mazigh, they each have an animal companion that they are bound to. 
Jannah's desert fox, Mahir, has keen hearing and is adept at locating and digging up prey underground, while Zohaier's desert cat, Fatin, is a silent hunter with stalking prowess. 
While Jannah and Zohaier's relationship is ambiguous, it's known that they are never apart and always come as a set, whether on hunting expeditions or mercenary assignments. 
Both a bit vain, they take especial care of their looks and can always be found wearing some of the latest fashions from Jebel Irhoud. 
Nonetheless, they are excellent trackers with good instincts, and are known to be among the best in the Taforalt Desert.

---

Ifrit:

Chammurash - Ifrit
Bound to an oasis for several centuries, Chammurash is a crafty old Ifrit who has managed to stay in the mundane realm due to his power. 
The knowledge of who originally bound him is lost to time, and nobody has been able to send him back to Al-Anaar. 
Thus he remains, causing trouble for whoever comes across his little oasis in the desert. 
Unluckily for most, he is quite powerful and the binding spell only restricts his movements, not his power. 
However, he has a major weakness for riddles, and can’t resist playing games of chance. 
Several travelers have managed to escape his clutches this way, much to his chagrin.

---

Waqia:

Waqia - Musafiyah Shopkeep
The Musafiyah, with their natural armor, make excellent shopkeeps as they are difficult to rob. 
While the Merchant Guilds generally take good care of their own, they aren’t able to outsmart or outmaneuver every thief in the city (of which there are many), and enough encounters turn deadly that shop keepers in the city are wary. 
Waqia, a mild mannered owner of his own small store, has survived several such attacks relatively unscathed. 
His shop is a bit of a mish-mash, but the variety means you can occasionally find some hidden gems amongst the clutter. 

---

Sadiq:

Sadiq - Mortuary Guild Conciliator and Book-Bearing Famulus
Deal Maker - Guild Conciliators work with the living, crafting and sealing the contracts that are signed with the Guild. 
They are shrewd deal makers, and payment terms often fall into one or two categories - monetary, or labor. 
Those without the means to pay the full rate can sign a contract to offer their labour for a fixed term after death, after which their soul will be safely guided to the afterlife. 
There are serious consequences for breaking the terms; Sadiq’s book-bearing famulus being a prime example of someone who tried to cheat the Guild and wound up in eternal servitude.

---

al-saigh:

al-Sa’igh - Mortuary Guild Intercessor 
The Exception - al-Sa’igh is a dual-wielding sword specialist, well suited for combat in the tight quarters of crowded Jebel Irhoud. 
While his swords are his primary weapon, he can also seal or bind undead using the Guild masks he carries. 
True to his name, al-Sa’igh is somewhat of an exception in the Guild; he doesn’t like to treat the ghouls as mindless minions, and tries to work with them as (former) fellow humans. 
Ghouls are animated by the soul of the deceased after all, and can retain their personalities and memories if caught early enough. Al-Sa’igh works most closely with one particular ghoul named Adil, whom he considers more friend than servant. 
Their friendship raises more than a few eyebrows amongst the other Guild members, who believe their minions are mindless and should be compelled through force.

---

Adil:

Adil - Tomb Knight Colossus (Ghoul)
Elegant Undead - Nobody knows what Adil looked like originally, as his body has been augmented with magic since his undead binding. 
Adil’s original master died under suspicious circumstances, and because of this, the large Tomb Knight is treated with extreme caution. 
Too valuable to retire (according to The Book he hasn’t worked off his debt yet), but considered too dangerous to tame, the only Guild member willing to take him on was al-Sa’igh. 
The two of them have a rare friendship and work together quite well. Contrary to his appearance, Adil is an erudite, thoughtful gentleman. His origins, and the cause of his debt, are a mystery.

---

Ijliyah:

Ijliyah - Tannit Geometer
Math Nerd - Ijliyah, foremost of her profession, has combined her deep knowledge of physics and probability, the movements of heavenly bodies, and her access to the Barrow Realm, Ashmunein. 
The result is a unique magic that can either predict or prove future events based on her mathematical calculations. 
She carries a telescope lens staff to help her observe the conditions of the sky at all times and respond accordingly. 

---

Psychidae:

Psychidae - Noctuoidea Mage
Lunar Mage - Psychidae is a lunar mage who has completed the Trial of Thirteen, a devotion ritual that causes certain physical enhancements and mutations.
Like most of her kind, she willingly altered her body in service to Divalia. 
Devoted as she is, Psychidae has always been interested in the outside world, and will bend the rules in her favor to satiate her curiosity.

---

Lymantria:

Lymantria - Noctuoidea Priestess
The Devout - Lymantria holds the ceremonial sickle and bowl of the Priesthood, which she uses to imbibe the sacred mushrooms that grant her visions of the secret history of the Noctuoidea. 
As a keeper of the secret knowledge, her mouth is sealed with a specially bred moth that can only be removed once per day for eating. She is considered fanatical even by the standards of the other Priestesses. 
The priestess walks in dreams and memory and leaves silence in her wake. 
Kneeling, precise and reverent, she harvests the sacred fungal bloom and adds it to the steaming bowl.

---

Axenus:

Axenus - Noctuoidea Rogue
Silent Shadow - The Noctuoidea are famously insular, but that doesn’t mean they don’t want intel on the outside world. 
Enter Axenus, a young woman with a particular set of sneaky skills. Sent as a spy, Axenus has lately been in Jebel Irhoud “acquiring” information and artifacts that the Vicars of Divalia might find useful or valuable. 
Who could blame her for gathering a few things for herself on the way? Because Noctuoidea are almost never seen outside of the Twilight Forest, Axenus only operates under the cover of darkness - which suits her just fine.

---

Atropos:

Atropos - Noctuoidea Speculatore
The Inevitable - The Speculatore, elite clandestine agents belonging to the Triumviri Nocturni, are whispered about amongst the Noctuoidea. 
They strictly enforce the traditions and Rituals of the Divalian faith, and have blanket authorisation to execute any heretics they encounter, no matter who it might be. 
Speculatore often patrol the borders of the Twilight Forest and kill any outsiders who are foolish enough to enter. 
It is mostly due to them that the Noctuoidea have almost no contact with the outside world, for those outside the Rituals are obviously heretics who must be destroyed. 
Atropos is no exception. For her, there is no greater satisfaction than ending the life of one who has no place in the orderly world of Divalia.

---

Acharya:

Acharya - Noctuoidea Mage 
Brawler Mage - Like Psychidae, Acharya has also completed the Trial of Thirteen, the ritual that begins the mutations that help better attune mages to Divalia’s power. 
However, unlike her fellow mage, Acharya prefers speed and agility. Using a mix of close-range spells and a swift scimitar, Acharya is a bit of a brawler-mage. 
The scimitar, made of metals mined from Divalia’s fallen corpse, acts as both a magical focus and a weapon. 
Though not as fanatical as a Speculatore, nor devout as a Priestess, Acharya does prefer to follow the rules - even when she has doubts about how correct or fair those rules are.

---

Psilomonedes:

Psilomonedes - Noctuoidea Pontifex 
Divine Avatar - The Supreme Pontiff, Head of the Rituals and Beloved of the Goddess, Psilomonedes was chosen by Divalia to lead the Noctuoidea. 
Marked by her extreme and divine mutations, she is recognized as the current avatar of the moon goddess. 
She is rarely seen even by other Noctuoidea, and spends most of her time in contemplation within the Chamber of the Ancients, buried deep underground in the ruins of the old capital. 
It is the Priesthood’s duty to care for her earthly needs and convey her will to the Vicars, who are tasked with carrying out the wishes of the goddess.

---

Psaphidina:

Psaphidina - Fidelium Tamer 
Forest Renegade - Psaphidina is a Fidelium, one of the “True Divalians'' who reject the use of Divalia’s magic as harmful and disrespectful to the goddess. 
As such, she relies on natural technologies to hold her own against the roving gangs of Speculatore that occasionally sweep the Twilight Forest in search of so-called heretics like her. 
She uses a bioluminescent lamp, powdered pheremones, and telepathy to communicate with her Citheronia, a giant caterpillar she uses for hunting as well as protection. 
Citheronia (Giant Caterpillar)
Citheronia are a species of giant caterpillar that are native to the Twilight Forest. 
They are carnivorous, using their rear spinnerets to create traps and signal lines to alert themselves to danger or food. 
The large grasping mandibles are ideal for pulling prey into their mouths. 
They are not picky eaters and will eat nearly anything that fits in their mouths - which includes most creatures in the Twilight Forest.

---

Pyrina:

Pyrina - Fidelium Tamer 
Sadistic Tamer - Pyrina may look cutesy, but is utterly devoid of morals. 
Relying on telepathy and training, she enjoys commanding her Lacerum insect companions to dismember her enemies. 
The Sciurimia, a squirrel/monkey-like creature, is similarly deceiving. 
Cute and cuddly, they can be incredibly aggressive, and are known to have a nasty infectious bite. 
Pyrina is one of the few Fidelium who dares to tame them because of this. 
Nobody disputes her skill at taming, although many question her sadistic usage of the tamed animals.

---

Nycterix:

Nycterix - Pteropodea Assassin
Death from Above - Silent and swift, Nycterix is a formidable assassin. 
Though she’s rather slow on land, from the air she can swoop down on a target before they even know she’s there. 
Her lightning fast reflexes allow her to dodge and change directions in flight without missing a beat, and echolocation (an ability of all Pteropodea) allows her to sense things even on the darkest night under the Twilight Forest’s canopy. 

---

Jinhua:

Jinhua (Golden Flourishing) -  Xueren Acolyte
Silent Acolyte - Jinhua is a bare-handed fighting specialist who enhances his powers with Qi, but is still only an acolyte of his order, not yet a warrior monk. 
Clarity and stillness are deep as mountain caves.
When you abandon attachments, your true face emerges.
Only virtue is eternal, a pure heart never changes.
When your heart is still, its brightness will dispel darkness.

---

XuZhen: 

Xu Zhen (False Truth) - Xueren Grand Demon
The Betrayer - The Illustrious leader of the Yu Huo Zong (Fiery Hell Sect), Xu Zhen rose through the ranks to earn his title by killing and chaining the souls of his own master, and his master’s successor. 
Their tortured spirits are bound in service to him, even as they strain against their bonds. 
Their hatred and struggle is futile, however. 
Xu Zhen, having absorbed the Qi from them (and countless other unfortunate warriors), has grown so powerful that none in his sect can rival him.

---

Qingshan:

Qingshan (Blue Mountain/Persistence) - Fēixiān Swordsman
The Last Disciple - Qingshan is a mysterious Feixian swordsman, the last surviving disciple of the School of the Heavenly Sword. 
Nobody knows who destroyed the School, but his Shifu had commanded him to hide the school’s manuals and scrolls in a secret location shortly before everyone was killed. 
He wanders the land, looking for answers as to why the school was destroyed and why his Shifu chose him to carry the tradition alone. 
Though he has not yet mastered the final techniques of the Heavenly Sword, he is not to be underestimated. 
His Shifu considered him one of his most promising students. 

---

Nianzhen:

Nian Zhen (Belief in Truthfulness) - Fēixiān Warrior
Like most of the Fēixiān, Nian Zhen is an itinerant martial artist who prefers to travel solo. 
She specializes in the Fang Bian Chan, a polearm weapon with a long reach good for fighting multiple enemies. 
Due to her solitary nature, she is often left to fight many opponents alone, and has developed her own unique style specifically for defending herself against the Nemesis.

---

Jyakubo:

Jyakubo - Daitengu Swordsman
Drunken Sword - Like most Tengu, Jyakubo is a trickster that can seem a bit silly, even comical. 
An infamous drunkard (he’s never seen without his wine-gourd), most wouldn’t see him as a real threat. 
Despite this, when he gets serious, he’s a force to be reckoned with! 
Surprisingly skilled and wielding the characteristic wavy, forked blade of the Tengu, his Drunken Sword Style is full of tricky feints and illusions.

---

Buzenbo:

Buzenbo - Daitengu Swordsman 
Sulky Swordsman - Buzenbo is a brooding and angsty Tengu who takes himself much too seriously. 
He takes care to cultivate his bad-boy image by wearing a long coat and taking care of his luxuriant hair, although the top of his head is balding. 
Laconic and surly, he has few friends among the other Tengu, although he and Jyakubo have been friends since childhood. 
Jyakubo considers him his rival, much to Buzenbo’s chagrin. Buzenbo’s sword style is swift and direct. 
Some might believe that to be easily countered, but Buzenbo’s superior speed doesn’t leave much room for countering.

---

Mosbir:

Mosbir - Ciorcal Druid
Hermit Druid - Mosbir might seem like a harmless, even senile old hermit, but he is truly one of the scariest people you will ever meet. 
As a long time adherent to the will of the Grimnismal, he cares nothing for the rules and morals of the rest of mankind. 
Despite this, he can be very hospitable and even friendly, provided this matches with the will of his deities He won't hesitate to kill even his closest friends and allies, however, should they run afoul of variable moods of the Four Stags. 
Those who meet him would be best advised to pay the proper respect to the Fir Chrannen forest and its divine protectors.    

---

Silverrush:

Silver Rush - YuanYang Guard 
Like most YuanYang he dreams of being a hero, though being a palace guard isn’t so bad. 
Higher ranking than a city guard, Silver Rush takes great pride in his palace issued weapons and armor, and hopes to someday join the Imperial Guard. 
He still has a ways to go, however; his rash nature and over-estimation of his abilities get him into sticky situations that he can’t always escape unscathed.

---

WinterWind:

Winter Wind - YuanYang Crossbowman
Silver Rush’s comrade, Winter Wind, is his counterpoint in the balance. 
Cynical and lazy, he is content to sit safely in the back lines rather than risk his neck out in front. 
Having no interest in being a hero, Winter Wind is just collecting a paycheck until he can retire, and tries his best to keep his head down and stay anonymous. 
Needless to say, the two companions frequently butt heads over their opposing ideologies, but in the end they always have each other’s backs.

---

Redsun:

Red Sun - YuanYang Knight
The quintessential hero archetype, Red Sun is always seeking the next monster to defeat. 
Skilled in mounted combat, he roves the land with his trusty Hurricane Bird, Dusk. 
The thrill of the hunt has led him on many inadvisable adventures, but his skills have never let him down (yet). 
He lives for the wind in his feathers and a strong lance on his arm. 

---

Autumnmoon:

Autumn Moon - YuanYang Noble
Autumn Moon thinks of herself as being extremely refined and cultured, but mostly comes off as a bit tacky and overdramatic. 
She is so fond of being carried around in her palanquin that the other nobles joke that she hasn’t used her own legs in the last decade. 
Her latest passion is poetry, of which she is exceedingly proud. The results, however, have been… questionable. 
Still, she’s kept writing them with an unmatched enthusiasm, and will impose readings upon anyone she comes across. 
Her loyal attendants worship her, and are very protective of their mistress. 

---

Packsnail:

Giant Pack Snail
If you don’t need to get anywhere in a hurry, Giant Pack Snails are your best mode of transportation. 
No matter what obstacles are in your way, a Pack Snail can get over or around it eventually. 
Indigenous to the forested region adjoining the Kutugha Steppe, Pack Snails are usually purchased from a reputable breeder, who raises and trains the snails for this purpose. 
Bred for size and companionship, Pack Snails are much larger, stronger, and friendlier than their wild counterparts. 
Special care must be taken that they do not get too dry or encounter salt, as it can seriously hurt or even kill them.
The chicken who rides on this particular snail is Sir Ferdinand Peckinfeather, the Eighteenth of his name, heir apparent to the Peckinfeather fortune. 
It is rumored that Sir Ferdinand is either a were-man who turns into a chicken with the body of a man at night, or that he is a were-chicken who is a man who turns into a chicken at certain times. 
Neither has been confirmed. However he has an official seal and writ confirming his name and aristocracy, regardless of his original temperament.
Peckinfeather’s heroic deeds have been recorded in the tale, Sir Ferdinand Rides Forth, written by Karolis of Cobra, also known as Karolis the Butcher of Minis.


























